STDIN and STDOUT. Two terms that you'll come to know. [musical singing] "Standard in and standard out"
it's just
a term for the input to a command and the output a command generates.
But this is how the pipes work.
So in this Dracula example, the STDOUT was this--was 'alucard' and then you pipe it to the STDIN
of the 'rev' command.
So basically this pipe character is temporarily holding the STDOUT so we can use it with this
command that follows.
So normally STDIN for this 'rev' command was a file name.
So you can't actually just pass it any sort of text you want.
You have to have that pipe character there so you can't just make up some text and go in to 'rev'.
It just won't work because it'll think you're trying to run this command.
And then in the next lecture, I'm going to show you some commands that work well with pipes.